Issue to review the contributing document and add a triage process proposal (#538)
json-schema-org/community: README.md

**Open Community Working Meeting (Weekly):**

**Open Community Working Meetings** are a 1 hour, agenda'd only, with a focus on furthering the JSON Schema specification and organization. 

More details [here](https://github.com/orgs/json-schema-org/discussions/35).

You can always catch up offline by watching the recordings on the JSON Schema YouTube channel.

| Asset | Link        |
|:-----------|:------------|
| 🔗 Office Hours Meeting Link | [**Zoom Link**](https://postman.zoom.us/j/85358817067?pwd=NmFXTG5oL1paK0VyTEdrNU9TR2RMUT09)<br>
| 🔗 Open Community Working Meeting Link | [**Zoom Link**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://postman.zoom.us/j/89562933116?pwd%3DOWlsQ0RrcDY4S1JQU2d2Q2M0aFFlZz09&sa=D&source=calendar&ust=1708431911262691&usg=AOvVaw14JoRXk9cLLBT-_wngWROA)<br>
| 🎥 Meeting Recordings | https://www.youtube.com/@JSONSchemaOrgOfficial

## Getting involved

JSON Schema is a community that lives on its contributors. As we grow, we need more people to help others. Do you like to get involved? You can contribute in many ways!

Please check out our [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to know more.

### Contributors

> Thanks goes to these wonderful people who contributed to this website:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks goes to these wonderful people who contributed to this communtiy space:
```
